Centralize and update test documentation - Jenkins features reference (#4690)
adoptium/aqa-tests: doc/pages/JenkinFeatures.md

- `OPENJ9_REPO`: optional, your fork of openj9.
- `OPENJ9_BRANCH`: optional, your branch of your fork of openj9.
- `OPENJ9_SHA`: optional, pin to a specific SHA of openj9.
- `JDK_REPO`: optional, use test material from a particular OpenJDK repository.
- `JDK_BRANCH`: optional, use test material from a particular OpenJDK branch.
- `OPENJDK_SHA`: optional, pin to a particular OpenJDK SHA.
- `TKG_OWNER_BRANCH`: optional, use a particular adoptium/TKG fork/branch.
- `ADOPTOPENJDK_SYSTEMTEST_OWNER_BRANCH`: optional, use a particular adoptium/aqa-systemtest fork/branch.
- `OPENJ9_SYSTEMTEST_OWNER_BRANCH`: optional, use a particular openj9/openj9-systemtest fork/branch.
- `STF_OWNER_BRANCH`: optional, use a particular adoptium/STF fork/branch.
- `JCK_GIT_REPO`: optional, use a particular private repository for JCK test material supplied under OCTLA.

## Non-AQA Test Repositories
Additional test repositories that can be overlaid onto existing AQA test material for extra testing.
This is used for laying down smoke tests in the temurin-build repository and installer tests in the installer repository, along with any private vendor tests that cannot be run in the open.

> - `VENDOR_TEST_REPOS`: optional, comma-separated list of repositories containing additional test material.

Reviewer: again: table + samples

# Jenkins Features Reference
The "Jenkins Features Reference" is a comprehensive documentation outlining the various [configuration parameters](https://ci.adoptium.net/view/Test_grinder/job/Grinder/build?delay=0sec) and options available for running [Grinder jobs](https://ci.adoptium.net/view/Test_grinder/job/Grinder/) on the Jenkins server.
It serves as a guide for testers and developers using AQAvit Grinder to perform testing and triage on the ci.adoptium.net Jenkins server and the OpenJ9 Jenkins server (and internal servers).
The reference provides detailed explanations and instructions for each configuration parameter, enabling users to customize their test jobs effectively.

## Access Permissions

> For access permissions to the Grinder job at ci.adoptium.net, you need to be part of the `test-triage` Github team (requires [2FA](https://docs.github.com/en/authentication/securing-your-account-with-two-factor-authentication-2fa/configuring-two-factor-authentication) on your Github account).

Reviewer 2: Let's remove this section, as it refers to details on how to access a particular Jenkins server, versus what the features of the Jenkins pipeline code includes.

## Grouping and Granularity
We have many tests, so it is important to be able to slice and dice them in different ways to be efficient with testing, debugging, and triage.

> Tests are organized into groups typically based on where they came from and what type of test they are: `openjdk`, `perf`, `system`,  `functional`, `external`.

Reviewer 2: We can remove this section as its answering "why" and is covered under other documentation versus being a reference on implementation details of how we run tests in a Jenkins environment.

| `OPENJ9_SHA`                          | Optional. Pin to a specific SHA of `openj9`.                                                            |
| `JDK_REPO`                            | Optional. Use test material from a specific OpenJDK repository.                                         |
| `JDK_BRANCH`                          | Optional. Use test material from a specific OpenJDK branch.                                             |
| `OPENJDK_SHA`                         | Optional. Pin to a specific OpenJDK SHA.                                                                |
| `TKG_OWNER_BRANCH`                    | Optional. Use a specific `adoptium/TKG` fork/branch.                                                    |
| `ADOPTOPENJDK_SYSTEMTEST_OWNER_BRANCH`| Optional. Use a specific `adoptium/aqa-systemtest` fork/branch.                                         |
| `OPENJ9_SYSTEMTEST_OWNER_BRANCH`       | Optional. Use a specific `openj9/openj9-systemtest` fork/branch.                                        |
| `STF_OWNER_BRANCH`                    | Optional. Use a specific `adoptium/STF` fork/branch.                                                    |

> | `JCK_GIT_REPO`                        | Optional. Use a specific private repository for JCK test material supplied under OCTLA.                |

Reviewer 2: We should add a column to the table to include the suggested default settings for parameters.  Some of the descriptions need updating.  Some parameters are not optional, but rather there are default values, so one does not need to fill in the value, because a default value is set.

## Non-AQA Test Repositories
Additional test repositories that can be overlaid onto existing AQA test material for extra testing.

> This is used for laying down smoke tests in the temurin-build repository and installer tests in the installer repository, along with any private vendor tests that cannot be run in the open.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This is used for laying down any test material, particularly useful for running private tests that cannot be open-sourced.  Examples of how these parameters are used can be seen by looking at the smoke tests in the temurin-build repository and some MSI tests in the installer repository.  TKG can discover any test material, as long as you tell it where to look (through setting these parameters), and that these repositories contain build instructions (via build.xml ant scripts) and execution instructions (via playlist.xml files).
```

- Do not mark Grinder runs as “keep forever,” there is a limited amount of space on Jenkins master.
Download any artifacts you need from your run as soon as it finishes to attach to issues, etc., and consider the Jenkins job transient.
- When reporting failures in issues, understand that Grinder jobs are transient (not kept for long on Jenkins).
Sharing a link to the Grinder is only useful for a short time.
Share the "Rerun in Grinder" link which has details of the impl/version/test target, output statistics & test artifacts in the issue; those are more concrete items when reproducing failures.
For openjdk test failures, here are some useful triage [instructions](https://github.com/adoptium/aqa-tests/wiki/Guidance-for-Creating-OpenJDK-Test-Defects).
- Proactively delete Grinder runs that you do not need (setup fails or mistake in target, etc.).
We keep the last 50 runs, and if you delete your unneeded runs immediately, other jobs will stay a little bit longer, giving others more time to grab artifacts.

**Note**: The above documentation provides a comprehensive reference for configuring Jenkins Test Jobs for AQAvit Grinder testing at ci.adoptium.net and OpenJ9 Jenkins server.

> Make sure to follow the guidelines and etiquette to ensure efficient and effective testing processes.

Reviewer 2: This section can be removed from the reference documentation.  It can go into a different doc that is not talking about the details of how the Jenkins pipeline function, but rather a request for how the community is expected to behave.
